---
title: Learnings from the course - Intro to AI Engineering(Scrimba) (WIP 🚧)
slug: learnings-intro-to-ai-engineering
description: All the learnings from this course on Scrimba
date: "2026-06-02"
tags:
  - AI
---

## Basics

Huge thanks to Arsala Khan [LinkedIn Profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arsalabangash/) for explaining the concepts so clearly 🫶

### Creating a Request

```js
const userPrompt = "Suggest some gifts for someone who loves hiphop music";

const userMessage = {
  role: "user",
  content: userPrompt,
};

const response = await openai.chat.completions.create({
  model: process.env.AI_MODEL,
  messages: [userMessage],
});
```

### Types of Prompts

2 Types. User Prompt and System Prompt.

System Prompt -> You are a coding expert in Javascript. You help solve problems of beginners.

User prompt -> How to split a string in JS?

#### Refining System Prompt to save tokens

System Prompt -> You are a coding expert in Javascript. You help solve problems of beginners. Limit your response to 100 characters.

### Token Costs and Context Windows

- Different models output cost differently.
- Input and output tokens are charged.
- Gpt-5-nano is the cheapest and gpt-5.5 is expensive
- Context Window is the size of messages what fits at once. Full context is the whole chat.

### Error Handling

- Always add a error handling using try catch. Failing which will leave the user waiting for the response.

### Structuring Responses

- Take the generated Markdown response and parse it to HTML using marked npm package. Syntax `marked.parse(MARKDOWN_CONTENT)`
- Use DOMPurify(npm package) to sanitize the html as it might contain malicious code generated by AI. It's simple again. `DOMPurify.sanitize(HTML_CONTENT)`

### Streaming Responses

By enabling stream true, we get output generated in chunks

```js
const stream = await openai.chat.completions.create({
  model: process.env.AI_MODEL,
  messages,
  stream: true,
});
```

We can then use these chunks to render in the UI by using for await loop. `for await(const chunk of stream)`

##### To be continued...
